Add a project property that enables to runIde with different IDE versions (#1156)
VirtusLab/git-machete-intellij-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md

To run an instance of IDE with Git Machete IntelliJ Plugin installed from the current source,
execute `:runIde` Gradle task (`Gradle panel > Tasks > intellij > runIde` or `./gradlew runIde`).

> If you want to run an IDE instance of a different version than the automatically chosen one (see [IntelliJVersions](buildSrc/src/main/kotlin/com/virtuslab/gitmachete/buildsrc/IntellijVersions.kt))

Reviewer: For clarity,
```suggestion
It's possible to use a different version of IDE than the automatically chosen one (see [IntelliJVersions](buildSrc/src/main/kotlin/com/virtuslab/gitmachete/buildsrc/IntellijVersions.kt))
for building the plugin and running the IDE:
```
